hi everybody my name is Jen and I blog
at in my bag calm and tonight I just
wanted to give you a brief overview of
the FoodSaver vacuum sealer this one is
model number V 3880 now if you're
watching my video maybe you're here
because you're wondering about this
particular food saver remodel or maybe
you're just wondering about vacuum
sealers um first of all I just want to
give you a disclaimer about vacuum
sealers they are not a replacement for
canning or other methods of food
preservation you know vacuum sealing
just lengthens the amount of time that
food stays fresh for you still need to
you know refrigerate it immediately
afterwards and preferably get it into a
freezer you know as soon as possible
assuming of course you're stealing you
know perishable items of course you can
see all non parlo a home let me give you
a prime example of that I have a brother
that I don't see very often and I made
sugar cookies last week vacuum sealing
removes just about all the air from them
keeps them fresh so many cuts open this
bag they will be as fresh as they made
them anyway let's get back to this
vacuum sealer you should vacuum seal if
you want to preserve your food if you
want to buy love meat all at once but
you don't want to have to make it all at
once if you're tired of freezer burn you
know I don't know about you but there's
normal storage bags they don't work very
well at all so let's talk about this
vacuum sealer and its food storage bags
first you have the traditional role of
bags that you get with every food saver
and you can buy these additionally in
packs of one or two and I believe you
can buy them in larger quantities as
well now these are great because you can
make your own size on the role so
they're very efficient foodsaver also
has specialty sized and types of facts
these are their new portion paltrow bags
they're already precise and you just rip
them apart and then put in your items
course yourself to see y'all in the one
ends and see on the other end once
you've finished foodsaver also has the
liquid block bags now i really like
these these are great for juicy foods
view of things like soups stews you know
anything that's like juicy that has you
know wild juices that you just don't
want to get rid of and then last but not
least foodsaver also has expandable bags
now i have not had the chance to use one
of these but with the holidays coming up
i really cannot wait to try them now
this is a role actually what kind of
have an expandable bag but it has side
seats that open up and kind of Jesus I
don't want to pull the park too much but
the side pleats um Stan the bag up to 14
inches it's actually perfect for like an
entire roast you know let's say you're
planning on cooking Thanksgiving dinner
but you know Thursday you've got things
you got to do early and you may just not
have time to get that turkey done you
could do it a couple days before and
then seal it up in here to ensure it
stays as fresh as possible this favor
also has fries and seen bags these are
it right here you can pre designate the
types of like vegetables and seasonings
and all that you want and like a saute
style make them vacuum seal them freeze
them and then you can just microwave
them and they're ready for the ride last
but not least this food saver model has
a feature that i love and i have used it
many many times it is the marinate ur I
know it looks like Rubbermaid or type or
if it's not I assure you this handy
little container reach here holds any
type of meat or vegetables basically
anything you want to marinate put your
meat in you want to put in enough
liquids and seasonings herb spices to
cover it up you put the lid on and make
sure these tabs are lined up press it
down you can kind of hear the release of
the air you always want to make sure
this dial is turned to open for the
marinade setting and then on the
FoodSaver itself there is a handy little
airport thingy accessory hose is what
they call it you plug it in you press
the marinate button here on the machine
and then it goes for 10 minutes and
cycles of pulling out the air then
pulsing it and releasing it over and
over so it's like a speed barony and we
have done this for chicken for beef or
pork and it comes out great you know
about you but normally when i marinate
things i spend four to six hours you
know babysitting at walts in a
refrigerator to see okay is it tender
enough is everything soaking in this ten
minutes flat and it's done okay now that
I've given you a brief overview of all
the bags and things that the FoodSaver
can work with let me show you about
actually making it bag because of the
food savers all about you know you can
buy the bags as is or you can make your
own you want to pull this open and
inside you have your bag storage it
comes like that but it's very easy to
pop in this is your cutter bar inside is
it really sharply but it's hidden of
course and won't cut yourself to make a
bag all you need to do pull out to the
desired length and they always recommend
you leave an additional four inches
which is about that much or so for
ceilings so let's say you want about
that much for your meat you probably
about that much you just press down go
across and sit up you've made your bag
sealing process is also quite easy you
leave the lid up or down I talk to you
but you just want to push it in here can
be kind of tricky to get it all the way
in but this model is great because it's
attacks it
Wow then you can just switch it right
over to the seal and right now it is
sealing that bag now I usually buy a lot
of may need all at once and I will seal
things all the ones so i will actually
set up like an assembly line will do all
my bags label the bags and then i'll
just slowly start packing each one
sealing it watching my hands and going
from one to the other and there's your
bag foodsaver is very easy to use for
sealing i'm going to demonstrate on some
leftover beef stew this bag right here
the liquid block bag is perfect for that
because i want to keep everything juicio
and keep juice in the bag so look at off
we'll stop all the liquids from coming
out so you take your bag now I'm doing
this over the sink is if I sell thanks
cousin kind of sloppy
you can see the contents of my stour in
the bag now this is where you want might
want to adjust your settings up here you
have your on/off button then you have
the type of food dry or moist for most
meats you can probably go with dry but
something like a stew you definitely
want to go for moist and then over here
you can check your speed for normal or
gentle gentle I will used on like
cookies and you know other delicate
items that you don't want to crush and
then lastly you have your pulse back
that's a manual setting that you would
again use for things like cookies and
other items um basically pulls back you
control the vacuuming you press it every
time you want it to vacuum out some more
air and then married of course for the
marinade so let me show you this vacuum
sealing very simple push everything in
make sure it's on moist again it grabs
it
you
oh my
an alcy
and thanks to the liquid block
technology inside this bag very little
of the juices that makes do so good the
paint alright I hope you enjoyed my
overview of the FoodSaver vacuum sealer
again this is model number V 3880 you
can check it out at foodsaver calm